Heres a little story id like to tell about
How slow it all happened
Unnoticed and forgotten
Lost in the amazement
A shadow that trailed them
Sunshine and happiness
Laughter without guilt
No need for arguments
They understood and embraced the difference
But time was widdling Away
Ignorant and confident
It was not to be compared
And they agreed it was different
With promises of openness
Sealed with a. Kiss
Romeo and Juliet 
Without the death
They were joined at the hip
And in tune as it gets
From the very beginning
They were brand new kids
Adults in the orchard
And living under the same roof
Brought together by madness
Drunken confidence 
And loneliness 
Both missing tenderness
Hurt by what's happened
And ready to forget everything
Exactly what they were asking for
They were almost Leary of how perfect it was
And he almost didn't let it happen
But she was determined 
And it all happened
Promised commitment
And together till the end of it
He was romantic
And she the purest form of acceptance
They bloomed and blossomed so quick
He was her confidence that she lost in the wind
And she was his everything he never had as a kid
It could not have been a more balanced relationship
And a mushroom trip sealed it
Their spirits intertwined as they watched their friends dance to the music
Convinced it couldn't be coincidence 
And if it was didn't give a shit
They had no reason for desricptions or time for second thinking
Their only ambition was to be in it
In ways they had never been
Fully commited in every minute
An almost impossible challenge that many have challenged and very few have lasted
They stood proud as lovers and took off on an adventure that would be as spontaneous and unforgettable as the moment they met
Days of asking how they became the person the person eachother was so in love with
And nights of wondering how lucky they were to have found this
It was as if nothing before had ever happened
And they Held back nothing 
It was hurtful in ways but empowering more than anything
Each day passing was more proof they made the right decision 
She was captivated by him and all his goofy conversations 
And he was in awe of her and all the ways she lit up any room she was in
Time passed by as usual but was decorated with moments of slow motion that would forever be in their memories 
If ever there was anything greater
Let it be forever unknown to the lovers
Who cares when all is theirs
To the love slaves
There is no greater
Only theirs
Asian woman, southbound from St. George to Queen's Park
We were standing beside each other on the subway this morning, me sneaking sideways glances at you, you noticing and smiling. You were wearing a white tshirt and black pants, I was wearing a light blue t and blue pants. I commented on how hot you are and you smiled, but I got super nervous. As we walked down the tunnel you turned to go to UHN (or so your badge indicated) I went to the university. You were absolutely stunning and I cannot get your smile and body out of my mind! If you see this, maybe we can have lunch?
Southbound Subway (Monday Morning)
Hey,
I got on the yonge-line south bound Monday morning around 10:30. I was standing near the door and noticed we kept making eye contact. Eventually I sat down across from you and we continued to make eye contact whenever we had the chance. 
You got off at King and I stayed on till Union. 
You had on a shirt with a company logo on it and you were carrying a particular bag - let me know what each of them was so I know it's you. 
Would love to chill sometime.
Your green dress this morning...
Good morning! I saw you walking your dog this morning. Your green dress, that long hair falling on your arms....was the thing that makes my day. I know you are in relationship however I just want to tell you that you are so beautiful! Enjoy your day
I'll bring the wine next time
I saw you yesterday on the subway and couldn't stop thinking about you afterwards. I had a small table with me,we talked about how we love finding great things around this city. And that a glass of wine would complete the commute. You were very cute and seem like a nice woman. Would love to get to know you.
You got off at high park station.
I hope that you'll see this. 
Air conditioner
Hi...do you remember me? I'm the guy who came to help you moving from the basement to the apartement on the 6th or 7th floor...then i came after 1 or 2 weeks to install the air conditioner....if u remember me...contact me
Looking for Tiffany/Sandra
If you see this Tiffany contact me. You know who this is(park blowjob, you responded to my cl ad and we had fun in your car) Lost your contact info(bbm, email) I miss you and I wanna hookup a again. If any females wanna hookup feel free to contact me.
Re. 'M'
why feel bad and used for opening up?  was trust betrayed?  sharing a pc of your heart is a gift that is as precious as it is rare.  don't be ashamed.
Guiness' Mom
You were at Cherry Beach on Monday.   I was there with my brother and my dog.   We chatted for a bit,  should have asked for your number.
On my motorcycle behind you
I couldn't hear what you were asking me when you leaned out your window and said something to me, I had music playing in my headphones. My bike was the same colour as your SUV, hope you see this, I want to know what you said and tell you I thought you were gorgeous.

A bit of random perversion, anyone?
 
You're walking peacefully down the quiet street. Houses on both sides, but little signs of life outside the yellow-illuminated glass that separates the neighbourhood from the passersby. It's calm and relaxing. You glance at time to time at the gardens, the houses. Even then, you are alone.
You continue, mindless and mindful. Another house, its porch alight, catches your eye. And there you spot the first person you've come across on your walk. A sexy bald guy in just his pyjama bottoms. Stroking his big, hard cock.
Want the address

  
  
TTC 501 - You waved, I nodded yes.
 
TTC - 501 Dundas Street West car.  Around 8:30pm Tuesday, August 16.  You got off at the Queensway. I went North on Roncy.
There was a screaming child.  You smiled, she smiled, I smiled. 
Wanted to say Hi but didn't know how, considering.  You too, I think.  Eye contact was nice.  I got off at next stop and went back but didn't see you. 
It's hard to find a good man, perhaps you are one?
  
  
To my ex husband
 
I love you so much and to this day miss you terribly.  It is still so hard to believe that we are not together.  I am not angry, or hurt, or bitter in any way. I still believe we are mean't to be, and someway, somehow, it will happen again soon.  When you come back, I promise you, you will be embraced with nothing but support and love and acceptance. I promise with all my heart.  We are often told as children that as long as we have hope, anything is possible. Yet as adults, we so easily give up on our hopes and dreams. Well I won't.  I often fantasize telling our future children how you and I were apart and somehow managed to make it back together.  I also fantisize about how different, how peaceful and how beautiful our second chance will be. Day and night, 24/7 I think about you.  I pray to God that you are okay, and that you will return to me.  Life is too hard without you by my side. So much has changed, and I long to share all these moments with you.  I miss you and love you with all my heart. There will never be another, only you.  Please come back soon.
  
  
Hey you! The pretty woman! One and only!!!
 
Not sure why I am doing this? Just to tell you that you are the most sexy and hot girl I have ever seen in my life. Too bad that I am married and older than you. You may be an Arab or Persian beauty. We often go down or up on the same elevator and I never got the courage to say Hi or compliment you about your flawless beauty. I just look down so that you may not read my eyes. I admire you always in my thoughts and will always.
Your silent Admirer.

 
your a psychic vampire with nothing inside who thinks that publically insulting me or my current girlfriend makes you cool. you bully people and tell everyone your the victim. people see through you. your not smart enough to pull it off or to notice how everyone sees you.
what is it like to be so empty and frightened inside?
keep it up and you will find yourself alone. you will burn everyone because you think its all about you. its not. your nothing but a sad alcoholic.
  
  
Asian Dude at Goodlife
 
Today around 5pm saw you working out, Asian dude black shorts and ink on your arm and back. Also saw you leaving the shower stall with your underwear on, as I was sitting in the sauna around 5:30 today.
Let me know if you want to hang?
  
  
Stacey, we talked at Y&E Wed. June 22 8pm
 
Stacey, you were walking south on Yonge then crossed to the East side on your way to meet friends. I stopped you and mentioned I found you attractive - we talked briefly but I might have mis-typed your email. I enjoyed our conversation! If you see this, please get back with contact info :^)
You have nice strawberry blonde hair (very light coloured). I have grey-blond hair, and was wearing jeans and blue polo shirt.
Chris
  
  
Your name starts with M
 
You made me feel so bad and so used, especially since it's been years since I've opened up to anyone . I thought you were cool! No response necessary, just had to get it off my chest so I can let it go.
  
  
dad looking for the roommates cousin
 
You were at my bf condo last night. we were having a birthday party for my bfs roommate. you were the roommates cousin. you are white, around 6 feet, normal body, nice hazel eyes, twinkish looks but not a complete twink. i heard you saying to one of the guys you havent had a good fuck in while. if you ever read this daddy would like to feed you his 8ish cut cock and give you a good fuck. let me know if you are interested.
For obvious reasons im not gonna post the actual address but ill post a near by sub station
  
  
Street
 
I see you every day...morning and night..leaving home and coming back...you are awesome...to bad you are not single....
  
  
Wheel-trans driver
 
You laughed at me as I walked into a sliding door. It may have been because I was checking you out. Where were we?
  
  
looking for a beautiful woman !!
 
I live in the United States I would like to meet a woman. send me a photo if I do not answer
  
  
where is Kai?
 
Trying to find Kai,a dark,gentle giant who was living in a small ground-floor apt in a Markham Road hi-rise. Would love to get in touch again. If you know him,let him know about this post. . Roy in Oshawa
  
  
Pisces vs Pisces
 
Why is it so hard to believe that connection that feels so perfect inside? 
Why do you deny yourself the chance to know
Why is it so unbelievable that somebody does care about you
Why won't you allow yourself to find out just how much
I've known you only a short time but the connection we have (had?) is real. I'm scared too letting someone in so close, let's jump bowls together and try. Future distance isn't a problem, our connection will hold.
--
If you think it's you tell me something unique about yourself that we spoke about so I know it's you.
Though you're not in the city now doesn't change what the future may hold for us if we both just stop being afraid.

  
Dan or Danny
 
Hello
We met last year on January at hotel (close to carlton and jarvis street)
I was the virgin black guy and you have Portuguese background. You were psw as well.
Contact me if you read this.

Purple Hair Female at Yonge/Bloor Subway Station
 
Time & Place
Monday, August 15
Rush hour, around 5:00pm or shortly thereafter at the Yonge/Bloor Subway Station
While standing on the platform waiting for a westbound train on the Danforth line, we stood next to each other.  You had purple, shoulder-length hair, wearing a dark top, dark pants, and open toe shoes.  I was wearing an orange shirt and jeans.  Once inside the train, you stood near one set of the sliding doors, and  I stood near the opposite set of sliding doors.  I glanced in your direction a few times, but like most people on the subway, riders avoid eye contact and look the other way.  You got off at St. George Station.  Realizing that approaching you to initiate a conversation might be startling to you, I wanted to post on here, if you browse CL from time to time --
Would love to start a conversation.  Would you be up for meeting for a coffee, tea, or another kind of beverage some time?
Cheers!
  
  
tall tan guy at guildwood tim hortons this morning
 
you were tall, tanned, wearing a hi-viz raincoat and work boots, and pretty attractive. ordered a coffee.  you drove a truck. Any chance youd see this and be down for a bj in your truck sometime let me know.
Let me know what it said on the side of your truck so i know its you?
  
  
you people are cowards...
 
Seriously, for heavens sake, get it together.
Man and/or woman up.
See it, size it up, go get it.
Carpe Jugulus.
  
  
Looking for Jennifer who used to frequent Woodbine Casino
 
I'm looking for Jennifer who used to frequent Woodbine Casino a few years ago.  She had blonde hair just past her shoulders, in her late 20's  to early 30's and was on the curvy side.  Used to see her at Woodbine casino almost everyday but haven't seen her in a few years.  Both her and I and a bunch of other regulars used to play the same game on the Game Maker machines.
I am female, my name starts with an S and I have long curly hair.
If you know Jennifer, please let her know I am looking for her.
Thank you
  
  
Nice backpack
 
It was a few weeks ago, you were walking behind me and you commented on my backpack. Wish we could have continued to chat. What type of backpack was it and where were we?
  
  
costume play
 
would like to dress up with a female and get into some kinky horny play. past girlfriends were never into it. anyone ? please no pros, strictly for fun. write-talk-meet for coffee first to talk about our kinks and fantasies.
  
  
A Good Crowd
 
Dudes, if you were one of the hot guys there in the late afternoon yesterday when we all messed around in the sauna and then in the showers, hit me up. There were 5 of us. Love to see any one of you again, lol, but let me know which guy you are.
  
  
To the girl in the sling (Aug 15)
 
Hi. Saw you at Parliament and Carlton. We looked back at each other and that gave me butterflies. Too nervous to say Hi. I hope there's another chance. 
I hope you read these.
  
  
D from out west
 
Hi we talked yesterday around 3-30, you told me a little about yourself then left before I got your number, get back to me and let me know what we talked about.

Danforth & st.Clair
 
This morning you were wearing black leggings with a blue skirt, 6:30 at bus stop at St.Clair and Danforth. I would love to speak with you and possibly get to know you. You had an umbrella this morning, please put the color of the umbrella in your response if you get this and I will hope its you.
  
  
Cute Black Man in Zara Yorkdale (Boxing Day 2016)
 
I know this is probably a long shot but it's worth a try.
I woke up this morning and I thought about you. I tried to find you before but I wasn't able to.
We ran into each other the beginning of this year (around boxing day 2015) in Zara. 
You're about 6 feet tall (I think but you may have been slightly shorter) with a nice build and deep penetrating eyes. You were also wearing a blue Canada Goose jacket. You were with your son and your neice. Your son was so so cute. He was happy because you had just bought him a video game...and your neice...well she was so so adorable.
You had asked me about my opinion about a shirt. I was actually sitting down outside the change room while my son was trying on clothes.
I liked how you approached me and how we conversed. I was dressed in my Sunday's best and you complimented me. When you looked into my eyes...it was like OMG. 
I know you had tried to ask me for my number but it was awkward because my son had just come out of the dressing room.
I'm that beauriful white girl with long blonde hair, captivating  green eyes and an amazing body.
I don't know why but I've always been very hesitant in dating black men in Toronto. My last relationship was with an African American man in LA. Maybe you can change that.
Wish I could find you...even if it's just to have coffee. ;)
  
  
gate 2 blue jays game friday night
 
You approached me having a smoke just outside the jays store. We talked very briefly and then my sister and nephew came out of the store. I wish I had gotten your number.
  
  
Me: Tall, short beard, you tall gorgeous nordic goddess.Ossington 7pm
 
Tall Blonde with backpack, jean shorts, sandles, just getting off Ossington subway.  
We exchanged glances a few times, and a great smile as I walked by.
You never know.

  
  
You were sitting in my seat, Tragically Hip concert
 
When I arrived you were sitting in my seat and we chatted about how you were going to get kicked out. You joked about being chivalrous but I was hoping you weren't ;)
Glad you didn't go back to your seat but unfortunately I never got the chance to talk more with you since we were both enjoying the concert.
Never got your name but would love to know it and chat some more!!

  
  
West mall goodlife
 
We met at the Goodlife and I followed you out. You went to your car and instructed me to follow you. You got on the 427 north and I followed you but lost you at a certain point.
I hope you see this and we can connect again!
Xoxo
  
  
Brad, where are you?
 
I sucked your cock in your truck for you at night. I wont give out too many details.  i lost your #, so send it to me. I miss sucking your cock in your sexy truck, get in touch with me.
  
  
Street parking 140 borough drive
 
Hello pretty lady,
5pm this evening.
i was passing by when you were getting out of your caravan and smiled at me and you were running towards scarborough town center. For some reason i was waiting at the same spot in my motor bike.
You came back and smiled at me and asked if i where waiting for someone i said YES.
Actually i wasn't waiting for anyone for some reason i had a feeling that i will see you again.
I regret of saying YES instead i should i have said i was waiting for you.....
Anyways if you get to see this message inbox me... looking to meet you again.
You were driving a caravan (not sure if it's black or blue) and wearing short (light cream dress) running towards the town center.
Hope to hear from you soon....

  
  
What a great brunette!
 
Thank you for having the grace to let me admire you in silence today. It made it a wonderful Monday commute. A voice conducting the TTC train insisted I get aboard in your car because the 'AC' wasn't working in the others. She then told us to move down the train and we eventually ended up sharing a door all the way from Bay to Islington. You made my day and I absolutely adored sharing your spirit. Thank you for being 'mon petit cadeaux'...
  

Muscle grey shirt galleria 4:30pm
 
hey man you were heading out from the mall to parking lot wearing grey tank top, i drove past you 
hit me up discreet non scene masc
  
  
BELL - Sales Associate - Scarborough Town Center
 
Hello,
Long shot but will give it a try. Went up to you last Tuesday to inquire about Bell Prepaid - Voucher & Sim card that I end up buying. It happened that both our hands touched and rubbed twice and all of a sudden felt like there is a spark between us.  Give me a shout if that's the case by letting me know your name. I would know coz I got the receipt from the SIM I bought and from your name plate. Pinoy = Pinoy
I would have reacted on this spark if I'm not alone then...
Give me a shout like I said if you wanna step this up and let's go from there.
Looking forward to hearing from you.

  
  
nice lady offering seat nielsen fitness t-shirt
 
You got on the Southbound at Eglinton STN around 10am, you offered your seat to an elderly person,wearing a T-shirt with the imprint nielson-fitness com 
I was the black guy wearing all black ,would love to grab a cup of coffee with you .
what was the color of your T-shirt and bag you were holding?
  
  
ossington/bloor lcbo
 
Hi
I see u working and to nervous to say hi. I think ur cute. I saw on your name tag it's Timothy.  Don't know if u will see this but worth a shot.
  
  
girl in red dress at ikea
 
i saw you at ikea then back at the mall, you where by urself and eating soup.  it would be awsome to meet you and spend some time together just tell me what coulor hat i had on !

TTC bloor station northbound today around 5pm
 
Long shot, but we (both Asian) got on at Bloor station today and I couldn't stop looking at you. We kept exchanging glances the whole ride up until we both got off at Finch. You took a quick glance again before you got off the subway but when I got out you were already gone. Wanted to say hi but I was too shy. Hope we can connect again.
  
  
5pm subway today
 
I doubt you'll see this but you got on at the queen or king stop and stood close to me. You had a grey polo and green pants I think. Dark hair and glasses and I think we kept glancing at each other till I got off at Wellesley. 
If this is you then let me know, and if you can tell me anything about my appearance to prove it.
Hope to hear from you!
  
  
Goodlife- 137 Yonge Street
 
I hate resorting to this but we always seem to be at the gym around the same time. (Between the times of 9-11:30 usually)
Always wanted to say hi but I'm too shy. I am usually with 
my trainer and you're either with a trainer or on your own. I'm younger than you but have had a crush on you since I started. I don't expect this to work but meh what's there to lose?
  
  
Your work at LensCrafters in Yorkdale Mall
 
I visited the mall this past Saturday and stopped by the store to look at some glasses. You are so beautiful. You're short with long blonde hair and glasses. The dress you had on hugged every incredible curve of your perfect petite body. It was your smile though that really caught my attention. I'd love to get to know you.
  
  
we saw each other at red light etobicoke
 
Just 2day 1 40 pm we both see each other   at Johngarland and FINCH i smile you and you did same
at stop light at end you and me say Bye 
if you read this we meet for coffee
thanks
  
  
Thank you to all the ladies
 
I found myself wandering around downtown Toronto today and was taken aback by the level of sexiness that I was faced with. Ladies in sundresses, tight skirts, tank tops, and tight button up dress shirts just blowing my mind. I never realized the ladies of Toronto were so incredibly sexy! Bouncing breasts everywhere and to the young lady who asked me what I was looking at with that cute smile, I am glad you appreciated my honesty.
Thanks for making Monday awesome ladies!
  
  
I wanted to say you hi
 
I saw you with your two sons at the CN Tower. In addition to your beauty and charming face, I am greatly impressed by your elegant personality. I am very much sure that you come from a very decent family background.
We saw at each other quite a few times while waiting for the elevator. 
I wanted to come close and say hi to you but couldn't do it. I am not sure about you but I was attracted to you. I wish to see you again in my life.
God bless you!!
  
  
trainer looking for boy
 
im a trainer at equinox. vgl, greek build, fat 8 uncut cock, 6 feet tall, always wearing a baseball cap. im looking for a twink boy who trains on my gym. we never talk but you keep staring at me all the time. ive caught you 3 times checking out my bulge. i cant talk to you directly at the gym but if you by any chance get to read this id love to meet you. for what i saw you have a fit body and a nice ass.reply with the baseball team on my cap.
  
  
Oh how i forgot how beautiful your smile is
 
You act al crazy but then you drive by my house and smile like a 5 year old in a candy store or like every time I'd be waiting to pick u up and you'd walk towards my car hiding your face giggling like an idiot. And stop listening to all those sad songs from my account
I was like with i never even heard these ones. Asswipe
  
  
ttc blonde girl
 
Ttc I saw you when I got in the subway after working at midnight you were wearing white skirt, white calvin Klein shirt, black necklace, blonde with yellow glasses you were looking at me a few times and I was staring at you too
You were with your black friend.
You were so beautiful, and looked very open to talk, wish I had talked to you, you got out at Wellesley station Please if you see this, msg me back.
  
  
To the older lady watching me buying condoms
 
I was the 20 something guy holding two bottles of chardonay in the condom section of the Shoppers on King Street West near the Bell Lightbox. You were the lovely lady in her 50's peering over my shoulder as I made my selection. I was not aware of your presence until the audible gasp when I reached for a box of ribbed magnums. My date did not go exactly as planned; the wine went down ok but I forgot to use the magnums in the heat of the moment and I think I may have gotten the clap. Long story short I still have a dozen condoms left over if you are interested in going out sometime...
  
  
pretty blonde w Glasses : St Josephs Hospital
 
You were Registering with the nurse in the Glendel wing , Neurology.
I was the long haired , bearded  guy with the cat tank top . You looked cute ass hell and I wanted to tell you and introduce myself  but I figured it wasn't the best circumstances .
Anyways , you were a  sight for sore eyes xox
  
  
I need what i do not deserve
 
You continue to haunt me in my dreams
Showing me an endless experience where pleasure and pain become interchangeable ideas
I do not deserve this, I have nothing, I am nothing of value
But you hold me  in your gaze, and show me your firm hand
And in my dreams you show me patience 
Stuggling to breathe as you press every inch of yourself against my face
Sneaking in gasps of air as you shift your body back and forth
There is a slight of panic, that is counter balanced by the taste of your sweat
Because I need this, I want this, even though I do not deserve it
You pull my hair and force my face against your asshole and I lick it, and eat it with fury
My teeth gently scraping it as I gnash my mouth against you, pulling me away to offer a nneded slap in the face then pushing me back in
You have told me to tell you when  I cannot take anymore, when it hurts too much, when it feels too much
But I can't
Because there could never be too much of this
I feel you every night in my sleep
And every day I walk through the world hoping to finally find you
So that you can show me . . . And I can belong to you

You missed a blond woman in a bright dress on Yonge and Eglinton
 
You walked by and stooped at the stop light, I turned around but kept walking. My heart beating a thousand miles. 
Email me! I want to meet you. :)

SNYM we found our love in a hopeless place
 
I find myself looking for your face on my screen, to no purpose other than to just see it, i can't talk to you anymore; passing by you on the street those two occasions made that clear, my body shaking in rage even when your voice is long gone your quick gaze could no longer reach me. 
I was holding on to the pain of loosing you for a year, it was me that opened the cage as you called it  you seemed too unsettled in it, I never thought you would flight right out without looking back or concern of what followed inside. It crumbled, it crushed every bone and with it my spirit But I had one memory to keep me going I knew you would not come back that was certain, probably the only thing that was back in that very dark place  but I had my memory and it was very close to my heart  I've had had love uncomplicated, undemanding love, so love really excited. 
It was when I managed to pull myself out of the rubble when I finally was able to get air in  my lungs  without the action inciting pain , reminding me I had been walking with the dead for far too long that I had been dragged inside a shallow, cave with only one memory repeating as  you had  become my plato's cave. It was after I could finally look in the mirror and not see a broken skull with deep dark black eye sockets that you waltz in for one last act, probably the most terrible long act of cruelty in our play. You called me shallow, concerned only with the mundane yet I remember when I a found you, broken with so much will and so little strength to keep going you borrowed mine and when your only concerns were murder shows and alcohol I lend you my knowledge to navigate to safely to start your path. A path you've become a victor in. And I was proud and was
Joyful but you were always forgetful of your past and people that had lend you a hand  so I tried not to let that notion sink in.
Then you called me feminine and lacking of the virility you needed to find in the one you would love back. You knew I was disarmed against this words and that this accusation was the very cornerstone of deep rooted pain yet you used it to justify your lack of livido for me. And it made sense all those nights all, that time finally made sense.
For the first time I understood I was never the one you wanted for the first time I realized three and a half years pass by and I had not been accepted nor truly loved. 
Needless to say this shattered my memories, you had stolen them like a very skillful thief along with everything else you had taken, but I assume a good thief always comes back to get the most precious gem, hard to resist one last blow to the head of you victim.
So once  again you had me on the ground, bleeding once again you walk pass me to the door. 
Sadness became rage and rage translated to every single person I met I found myself having the same fight over and over with different faces. Yes I am not defined by this marketed hypermasculine society every homosexual has given into, and I'm a lot more than my clothes, one thing was true they could judge me on my clothes as that is all they knew of me, they would be almost excuse to Do so but you didn't have that protection, you had me in the palm of you hand and now I realize you might not even know my favourite, food or colour, my favourite book or designer to be completely honest I don't even think you know my birthday but then again you never even bother to learn how to pronounce my name correctly. 
So here I am 5 years after I first saw your face on my screen for the first time, one and a half years after I open the doors and you left I finally realize I was enough, I am enough feminine clothes and all. I bestowed my love upon someone I believed was worth it and I wasn't wrong, is a shame you wasted three and a half years in someone you felt beneath you, but that is for you to remember next time. 
Today I open the cage yet again, I can no longer harbour rage, I need the space for something more fruitful. I wish you the best. I know you will reach where you want to get. 
I guess I no longer will have to wonder, if you had only loved me half of what you loved your other Mexican boy; I guess I should have taken the lyrics of the first song I kissed you to and realize, we actually did find out love in a hopeless place.
